README.md, before:

# Web API Coding Quiz 

## Application Purpose 
This website offers of coding quiz meant to quiz you on your knowledge of JavaScript coding, consisting of multiple-choice questions and quick coding challenge scenarios. The quiz is timed, only allowing time for the user to quickly answer these questions. If the user were to answer one of the questions incorrectly, time will be removed from their clock. Once the user has answered all of the questions (or if the quiz time runs out), the quiz is over and their score is revealed. After, they will be allowed to save their score with their initals on the game leaderboard. From this, users are able to understand their JavaScript knowledge from the coding quiz, see their progress which encourages them to replay the quiz game, and enhances their ability of coding and understanding these basic concepts.

## Application build with 
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* Web APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) was used to establish this interactive website and to ensure that all the functions were working correctly, alongside seeing localStorage get and set the highscore function given from the user's recent playthrough of the game.

## Web Links
* GitHub Repository - https://github.com/trujilml/web-api-coding-quiz
* Deployed Link - https://trujilml.github.io/web-api-coding-quiz/

## Screenshots

Commit message:

added screenshots and updated readme file

README.md, after:

# Web API Coding Quiz 

## Application Purpose 
This is a coding quiz meant to quiz you on your knowledge of JavaScript coding consisting of ten multiple-choice questions. The quiz is timed at 100 seconds, only allowing this specific time for the user to quickly answer these questions. If the user were to answer one of the questions incorrectly, 25 seconds of time will be removed from their clock. Questions answered correctly grants the user 40 points per question, the maximum high score being 400 points. Whatever correct or wrong response is given, it prompts a quick message and the answer of the particular question for a few seconds as the user gets on to answering the next question. Once the user has answered all of the questions (or if the quiz time runs out), the quiz is over and their score is revealed. After, they will be allowed to save their score with their initials on the highscore board and are given the option to play again or clear their score and play again. From this quiz, users are able to understand their JavaScript knowledge from the coding quiz, see their progress which encourages them to replay the quiz game, and enhances their ability of coding and understanding these basic concepts. The coding quiz demonstrates a responsive interface that is user friendly and adapts to multiple screens although it is expected to be used on a web browser. 

## Application build with 
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* Web APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) were used to establish this interactive website and to ensure that all the functions were working correctly, alongside the use of localStorage that sets and retrieves the highscore function given from the user's recent playthrough of the game.

## Web Links
* GitHub Repository - https://github.com/trujilml/web-api-coding-quiz
* Deployed Link - https://trujilml.github.io/web-api-coding-quiz/

## Screenshots
The screenshots present the welcome page, an example of an question - unanswered, a question with an example of a correct answer from the previous question, and a question with an example of a wrong answer, the concluded quiz page where the user is prompted to enter their initials to save their highscore, the user's highscore, and a "Time's Up" alert when the user runs out of time in their quiz. 

![Screenshot 1] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-1.png)
![Screenshot 2] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-2.png)
![Screenshot 3] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-3.png)
![Screenshot 4] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-4.png)
![Screenshot 5] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-5.png)
![Screenshot 6] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-6.png)
![Screenshot 7] (./assets/screenshots/webapicodequiz-7.png)

## Special Thanks
Special thanks to Joshua from my bootcamp coding course! He was able to help me out on the implementation of the correct and incorrect indicators for the answered questions. Thank you very much!!
